When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Check the device is charged, the keyboard and mouse are connected, and you can sit comfortably with the screen at a good distance.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Complete the full start-up routine twice.
First time with staff prompts, second time with fewer prompts.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type a practice password to sign in.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Open the Start menu, find the power option, and identify Shut down.
Staff can complete the final click if needed.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.